as you know China's real estate has
issues but did you know that the United
States was requested to bail them out
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you one report is
claiming from the very high up inside of
China asking the US coming begging
pleading for a bailout we're going to
investigate and look at what's happening
inside of China right now today let's
begin of course China has had some
problems there's no question there's no
doubt and we've seen it inside their
real estate that is for sure and I'll
show you what's going on in depth so the
first thing was that the leader of China
came into the United States greeted by
Gavin Nome the governor of California
and they had this to say China ready to
improve ties with the us at all levels
and that is good that's positive because
when we talk we are always going to find
Common Ground we may not agree on
everything but just like you might have
arguments with your coworker or maybe
it's your brother-in-law or
sister-in-law you can always start
talking and at least be reasonable now
that might be difficult in some cases
there's no question about that but it's
better than not talking because when we
don't we're going to actually build up
and that steam that pressure like a
pressure cooker is going to get hotter
and hotter and we're going to have some
problems what's going on here if it was
legitimate would be good because
actually the situation over the past few
years has gotten worse than where it was
before and so right now the suggestion
here is that they want to improve
ties why though why now I mean what what
what is happening what actually
precipitated this and one claim that I
wanted to bring out this is oil
price.com
website trillion dooll bailout what the
leader of China really wants and you
could see here despite a significant
economic crisis in mainland China since
2015 she has taken minimal steps to
address it at least that's what they're
saying here during his visit in San
Francisco he seemed desperate requesting
a substantial $900 billion bailout for
the Chinese economy the leak came from
within the CCP indicating a faction
eager to bring the leader down now we've
been talking about this a
while with the crisis going on that the
leader has been taking more and more and
more and more power I often refer to him
as the emperor because basically there
is no opposition and over a period of
time putting the laws in place there are
no votes taking place basically that
mean anything everybody unanimously
votes for him and if not well they know
what happened um and of course during
this period there has been a
concentration of power but some people
even though they might be voting in that
direction or saying you know we don't
want this guy anymore we don't like what
happened during 2020 we don't like the
concentration of power we want them out
maybe a reformer to come on in who
knows we don't know what's true we don't
know what the stats to believe we only
can go with what we have in front of us
so that's what they're saying it's very
vague on what was exactly requested was
there even a reply they say here we
don't know so we're going to look at it
what I think is going on is they want
more private sector
to come on into China and invest bonds
and of course even in the stock market
maybe in the real estate hey why don't
you develop your stuff over here we'll
give you discounts let's get rid of the
tariffs let's make things happen more
development more building more job
creation and that would get the engine
turning any stimulus that's being done
by China would create more inflation on
a global scale keep that in mind okay I
want you to think about
that she steps up economic aid with new
debt issuance and a pboc The People's
Bank of China visit fiscal deficit ratio
raised to about 3.8% of GDP so basically
they're just saying we're going to spend
more money that's all that means okay we
are going to spend more money in order
to get the economy
moving now of course we can look at that
one side and say look they're in trouble
they're going to collapse all of that
but let's flip it and I want to show you
something developing countries owe China
at least $ 1.1 trillion and the debts
are due some say that this is being done
intentionally just like the IMF would be
doing they put those countries in debt
with terms they know that they can't get
back and that is in a way to sort of
take more control of these
countries in this case Here China they
have a setup they have a system going
whereby with the belt and Road
initiative with others where they could
set up infrastructure along the way so
if they need something whatever resource
that might be well they would then mine
that in another country they would then
get resources from that other country
they could have their people in those
positions over in that country they
could own the ports that would then
distribute that back into their own
country and so this kind of thing has
been going on for a while and some are
talking about the fact that yeah they're
doing exactly what the IMF is doing when
we look at it just purely from an
economic scale of $ 1.1
trillion that would kind of change
things right if they're going to get
that money back or they going to have to
renegotiate it it is a difficult time
for a lot of countries the growth isn't
there and they'll probably have to
renegotiate are they going to take
assets
instead of the cash that would be
interesting oh you can't pay back
country in Africa maybe we'll just take
that from you maybe we'll take that Port
from you maybe we'll take those Mining
rights from you who knows the focus of
China's belt and Road initiative very
clearly at the top of the list energy
energy also on there very heavily is
transport so the rails the systems that
are putting these things or pulling them
out of the ground and bringing them
towards China you could see where that's
going
okay Tim Cook can't make iPhones without
this Chinese company and its CEO and so
we're being told yeah they're getting
off of China they're not doing this and
that but let's be honest they are not
able to just flip a switch okay and that
company by the way is Lux share
Precision Lu
s h a e luxure okay and so they're
talking about this and basically just
saying look they they are required in
order for apple to make their iPhones
and understand this yes apple is a
company in the US but they produce
phones they produce iPads they produce
MacBooks and so on that are then shipped
out consumers all around the world so
yeah they're manufactured in one place
the company exists in one place but the
customers are all around the world and
so that's something to keep in mind if
you lose the market share of one country
or you lessen it for a reason that
affects the US suddenly you don't have
the you know the desire to invest in
that company maybe it gets reduced
somewhat and so on so keep that in mind
okay property in China is a big thing in
fact it's so big do you remember Pop
Quiz how big big is the Chinese real
estate market how big do you remember in
the trillions of dollars how big China's
real estate is we'll talk about that I'm
going to show you that if you put in the
comments below I'll talk for just a
minute here I want to see and and please
everybody go down in the comments and
see if anybody got it right I'll try to
get those uh thumbs up and there and
everything it's so big and obviously
there is a crisis so if the United
States were to bail out China with a
trillion or 900 billion it really
wouldn't make much of a difference in
the size of this property Market it
wouldn't be able to do so so something
else needs to take place but what I
think is many people were oh yeah
China's going to bail it out China's
going to bail it out they haven't really
done that I mean they've stopped a
complete collapse from occurring but it
hasn't been performing well at all I
think everybody would agree with me here
so what was that number let's look at it
right here and now 62 trillion $62
trillion and that is a in fact the
biggest asset class in the world 62
trillion Chinese home prices worsen and
I want to you everyone gets a gold star
if they got that number right all right
Chinese home prices worsen after a
pickup earlier in the year price prices
price Falls are getting worse you could
see that secondhand homes is cultural
thing where people just don't want them
uh so you know foreigners maybe they'll
get those but um the obviously we can
see that um regardless the prices have
come down from their Peak there's no
question about that and that tells us
that yes some of that Insanity which has
been going on for years has been you
know winding down that's healthy I think
but they just don't want it to collapse
that's the problem
China races to end the property Panic
fill a $446 billion funding Gap a lot of
debt a lot of issues going inside uh
China and it's just continuing to unfold
whether it's ever Grand whether it's
country garden they're all experiencing
a problem this is the home sales that
have continued to plunge nobody is
nobody is is trying to get in now okay
they realized the problem from 2020 and
they're kind of just saying M no thanks
not going to do it and that means you
know with investors inside of China they
are looking for other opportunities but
the interesting thing is they're kind of
holding on to a lot of cash they're
they're kind of just in wait and see
mode for themselves and of course
there's Capital controls there is a lot
of restriction in what they can do with
their money so I think right now they're
kind of just playing a
cool um what I would say is that if you
in your personal circumstance right now
you are in need of somebody to take a
look at your finances you want to get a
cfp or a fiduciary to just give you some
you know a lookover on what you're doing
and you want to get it for free that's
why I linked up with money pickle to get
you out of that pickle or just to give a
second opinion on this because they are
able to do so and what you do is you
click on this link in the description
right at the top you go there there's a
calendar thing you you select on the
calendar when you want your meeting it's
available like right away so you can do
that get that and it's totally free
that's why I I feel confident and I've
gotten a lot of great feedback so far so
definitely do that and they can help you
out okay and the comment of the day
thank you very much as always my my like
the comment section on this channel is
so fantastic I want I appreciate each
and every one of you but I've learned so
much from the comments over the years
and unlike the others okay I actually do
appreciate not only do I oh yeah I read
all your com no I I've actually read as
far as I'm aware basically every single
comment and I've been commenting every
single day since the beginning of this
channel anyway comment of the day
extremes produce their own opposites
this can be applied to any aspect of the
economy and that is true just like
Newton's third lot I think for every
action there's an equal and opposite
reaction we could see what's going
inside of China I would be very cautious
some say that China has kind of bottomed
out and we're going up from this point
but my indications are that it's kind of
who knows at this point okay because the
total social funding basically the
amount of money that's being pumped into
the system is not what it was before and
that's kind of what we need we need
stimulus stimulus stimulus the economies
of the world can't even grow on their
own anymore they need that adrenaline
shot they need that espresso shot and
I'm not seeing enough right now to make
it a viable option that's my opinion I
want to know what you think don't forget
to tune in tomorrow make sure you search
the money GPS it may not end up in your
feed you got to search it I want to see
you tomorrow take care